Handbook: explain how to link to the PostHog app in emails (#16957)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/brand/email-comms.md

This page doesn't deal with [our Product for Engineers newsletter](https://newsletter.posthog.com/), which is sent through Substack and managed by the Content & Docs team. 

## Linking to the PostHog app

> To point users at a page in the PostHog app via email, don't copy and paste the URL from your own dashboard, e.g. `https://us.posthog.com/project/2/endpoints`. Links need to follow this format: `https://app.posthog.com/endpoints`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To point users at a page in the PostHog app via email, use this format: `https://app.posthog.com/`. 

For example:
`https://app.posthog.com/endpoints`
`https://app.posthog.com//logs?activeTab=alerts`
```

The `app.posthog.com` prefix works for both US and EU instances, and the project path resolves itself for the recipient.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To preload a prompt for PostHog AI, use this format:
`https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:!Your%20question%20here`

For example:
`https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:!What's%20my%20churn%20rate?`
`https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max:!All%20hail%20hogzilla`

```

This page doesn't deal with [our Product for Engineers newsletter](https://newsletter.posthog.com/), which is sent through Substack and managed by the Content & Docs team. 

## Linking to the PostHog app

> To point users at a page in the PostHog app via email, use this format: `https://app.posthog.com/`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To point users at a page in the PostHog app via email, use this format: `https://app.posthog.com/` and do not include the project path. 
```

For example:

> `https://app.posthog.com/endpoints`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`https://app.posthog.com/endpoints` instead of `https://app.posthog.com/project/2/endpoints`
```

> `https://app.posthog.com//logs?activeTab=alerts`

Reviewer 3: Is this extra line intentional?
